teen crisis hotline all directions you
live through this disobey orders and you
die oh the FBI will arrive at your
apartment at 30 seconds you must flee
the premises who is it no none of this
is my at 748 this morning a bomb
exploded on the train outside of Chicago
killing everyone on board
we've been informed there will be
another attack at six hours if we find
the bomber the next attack could be
prevented concentrate on the past years
into the car look for ones who seem
nervous a secret program called the
source code will send you back in time
to relive the last eight minutes on that
train it's the same train but it's
different it's a list updates every
major global disaster for the last five
decades we have an unmanned train
rolling into a highly populated area
with no air brakes we will derail the
train unless you do what you're told boy
I was unable to find the bomb I can help
you
cool bomb the train your computer the
next number on the chain predicts that
tomorrow 81 people are going to die the
only way to stop that kind of power read
it right a tail gun in the opposite
direction as I still missing let's do it
gonna run this bitch down alter this
reality inside source code I want to go
back in okay doesn't work that way I
thought we signed on at you the right
thing what if it's a decoy to distract
us from something 50 times bigger
you